dumpling: add URI formats (#15165) (#15198)
pingcap/docs: dumpling-overview.md

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

+ The `-o` (or `--output`) option specifies the export directory of the storage, which supports an absolute local file path or an [external storage URI](/external-storage-uri.md).

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> + The `-o` (or `--output`) option specifies the export directory of the storage, which supports an absolute local file path or an [external storage URI](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/backup-and-restore-storages#uri-format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The `-o` (or `--output`) option specifies the export directory of the storage, which supports an absolute local file path or an [external storage URI](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/external-storage-uri).
```
